Library Service - work document
-------------------------------

Our idea to complete the last row in the
competence grip was to program a library service.
It should cover all points so we stick with it.

First Joel created a class diagram with what
we expected the program to look like. We were
a little naive to think it would take that less,
since our final product was much bigger than
our first class diagram. At that time Daniela was
fixing some thing with our older project, 
the print service. 

When we were sure about the how our basic program
would look like, we created an ERM for our 
database. Already at that step we encountered a 
little problem, because we had to make sure
to add the delegation relationship. After the
ERM was done, connecting our program with the
database was not a big deal since we already had
experience with this procedure. 

For this project we wanted to use JavaFX so it
would look more 'professional', which obviously
was a problem throughout the whole project,
because both had not yet worked with it. Creating 
the tables with the data from the database was
difficult, but in the end we could make it work.

Daniela was more focused on those tables since
she felt more comfortable working with the
database. Joel would be working on how to deal
with the delegation, because he had more
knowledge with relationships.

After deciding more things, Joel moved on with
adding new loans, returns and medias which he
would connect with the delegation. Daniela finished
the login screen and creating new users.

Throughout the whole project we made sure that
both understood what the other was doing. After
everything was set up, we tested it a couple of
times and fixed some errors.

Now that the program was done, we moved on to
updating the class and sequence diagram. Since the
program was bigger that what we expected, it was
also a dificulty to create those two diagrams.
We had trouble, because with all the classes
and functions, it easily got confusing. We tried
to, instead of drawing a line to every table class,
to draw the line to the package that contained
all the tables. This definitely made it easier to 
understand the diagram and have less lines. Now,
if it's still acceptable is something we have to
discuss at school when turning in the project.
